Migrate to `semconv` for `otelmux` and implement the package in `tracing` (#6652)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for configuring `ClientCertificate` and `ClientKey` field for OTLP exporters in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6378)
- Add `WithAttributeBuilder`, `AttributeBuilder`, `DefaultAttributeBuilder`, `DynamoDBAttributeBuilder`, `SNSAttributeBuilder` to support adding attributes based on SDK input and output in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/otelaws`. (#6543)

> - Migrate to semconv for `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux` and implement the package in tracing. (#6652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for the OTEL_HTTP_CLIENT_COMPATIBILITY_MODE=http/dup environment variable in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gorilla/mux/otelmux` to emit attributes for both the v1.20.0 and v1.26.0 semantic conventions. (#6652)
```
